capital = 392
add_manpower = 1500

oob = "BGF_2027"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
		melee_weapons = 1 
		melee_weapons_upgrade = 1
		melee_weapons1 = 1 
		ranged_weapons = 1
		ranged_weapons_upgrade = 1
		ranged_weapons1 = 1
		infantry_training = 1
		army_uniform = 1
		army_uniform1 = 1
        special_forces_equipment = 1
		
		tech_support = 1
		basic_train = 1
		
		heavy_artillery = 1
		light_artillery = 1
		
		primitive_aircraft = 1
		fighter_0 = 1
		
		drone_0 = 1
		
		construction1 = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_silos = 1

		nsb_bicycle = 1
		nsb_truck_1 = 1
		nsb_sidecar = 1

		wind_farm = 1
power_generation = 1
}



set_convoys = 0

add_ideas = {
	controlled_opposition
	autocensorship
	direct_security
	public_healthcare
	civil_industry_subsidies
	system_enlistment
	training_basic
	officer_schools
	economy_regulated_capitalism
	taxes_high
	trade_regulated
	lgbt_limited_laws
	drugs_harsh_penalised
	women_gender_equality
	minorities_equal_rights
	full_secularism
}

recruit_character = BGF_kinga_wnuk
recruit_character = BGF_gabi_gabi
recruit_character = BGF_average_cba_despiser
recruit_character = BGF_lukasz_stolarek
recruit_character = BGF_marcel_nazbolejarczyk
recruit_character = BGF_celsa
recruit_character = BGF2000
recruit_character = BGF_pawel_rogowski
recruit_character = BGF_ukrainka
recruit_character = BGF_felipe
recruit_character = BGF_oskar_rogowski
recruit_character = BGF_domi
recruit_character = BGF_armandzio
recruit_character = BGF_pieprzykowski
recruit_character = BGF_konrad_lebek
recruit_character = BGF_burdel
recruit_character = BGF_podwladna_kingi
recruit_character = BGF_andrzej
recruit_character = BGF_mountaineer_from_zahorie
recruit_character = BGF_mountain_general
recruit_character = BGF_piotr_dasios
recruit_character = BGF_idiota
recruit_character = BGF_drugi_idiota
recruit_character = BGF_krzysiu
recruit_character = BGF_sergiusz_adamik
recruit_character = BGF_radio_rekord
recruit_character = BGF_biolog_help
recruit_character = BGF_nie_lec
recruit_character = BGF_domi_armia
recruit_character = BGF_jakub_teodecki

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = socialdemocrature
	last_election = "2027.3.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	marxism_cranism	= 2
	squattism = 1
	socialdemocrature = 67
	euroliberalism = 13
	freemarketism = 11
	paternal_conservatism = 1
	autocracy = 1
	corporativism = 0
	neonationalism = 4
	reactionary = 0
	postpolonism = 0
}
